1. take minutes of this meeting and you will have to post the document by end of the day. (also mention the format)
2. ashwini make a google form for all the details pf IEEE DBIT CORE 2021
3. ashutosh will be approving the google form
4. everyone has to fill that google form
5. ask velton to make a drive folder and give accesss to everyone.
5. put all the videos and presentation in that drive folder
6. give access of the reports and minutes to RIA
7. make a content plan for the social media platforms (vedant,bhavesh)
8. make the social media posts for new core 2021 (prajna, nikit) 3 days time 
9. website ask gejpo maam what is the problem with ieeedbit.in if possible make another amazing website (RIA AND PRAJNA)
10. VTOOLS main update karna hai na mujhe student branch plan ask gejo first 
11. ENcourge everyyone tto participate in various events like APSIT,SIES technopidia.
12. speak about the video regarding a non technical events. 
13. Events that are lined up ( FE event, colosseum, LOA ceremony for p[revious core)
14. FE event - bhavesh and ashwini 
15. Colosseum Vedant , velton, ashutosh
15. LOA_ ria, me 
16. swapnali 
17. linkedin update kardo sab log 
18  Iwant evryone to be active on the whatsapp group. be humble to gejo maam n me. Tameez main rehna, ashutosh be on looop with everyone n make sure the work in done on time and update on jaise jaisa kaam katam ho rha hai
19. youtube, linkedin, facebook, instagram, website everything should be amazing understood ?
20. for the next meetings i want all these tasks to be finished and ashuttosh will be checking this aND KEEP ME UPDATED
21. YOU TUBE, INSTAGRAM PE VIDEOS SAB POST KARO ABHI I GUESS WE HAVE AROUND 3 VIDEOS 5 MIN, 2MIN AND PROJECT WALA.
22. I HAVE  LOT OF POINTS IF U GUYS ARE IN  IM READY TO SHARE THAT U CAN MAKE ANOTHER VIDEO. 
23. I WILL MAKE A PDF OF ALL THE BENIFITS OF IEEE MEMBERSHIP AND THINK ABOUT THIS AND LET ME NOW BY NEXT MEETING NEXT TUES DAY KO HOGA.
24.  
